fix(preset): refactor value preset #60 (#62)
AlaskaAirlines/auro-select: demo/apiExamples.md

### Property Examples

#### value

Use the `value` property to define a preset value on the `auro-select` element. The `value` of `auro-select` must match the `value` defined of a single `auro-menuoption`. Upon initially rendering the component, if the `value` does not match an `auro-menuoption`, the `value` of `auro-select` will be set to `undefined`.

> While `auro-menu` supports presetting the selection of an `auro-menuoption` by applying the `selected` attribute on the `auro-menuoption`, that should never be done when directly setting the `value` property on `auro-select`.

Reviewer: Why can we not have the pre-selected value also be supported by the `selected` attribute?

> While `auro-menu` supports presetting the selection of an `auro-menuoption` by applying the `selected` attribute on the `auro-menuoption`, that should never be done when directly setting the `value` property on `auro-select`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To pre-set the value of auro-select on load, use the `value` property. The `selected` attribute on auro-menuoption is designed to illustrate state in the DOM.
```

Let's rephrase this to be direct with intent versus potentially creating convulsion about the different API options.
